[CARBONDATA-3700] Optimize pruning performance (#3620)
apache/carbondata: docs/configuration-parameters.md

| carbon.push.rowfilters.for.vector | false | When enabled complete row filters will be handled by carbon in case of vector. If it is disabled then only page level pruning will be done by carbon and row level filtering will be done by spark for vector. And also there are scan optimizations in carbon to avoid multiple data copies when this parameter is set to false. There is no change in flow for non-vector based queries. |
| carbon.query.prefetch.enable | true | By default this property is true, so prefetch is used in query to read next blocklet asynchronously in other thread while processing current blocklet in main thread. This can help to reduce CPU idle time. Setting this property false will disable this prefetch feature in query. |
| carbon.query.stage.input.enable | false | Stage input files are data files written by external applications (such as Flink), but have not been loaded into carbon table. Enabling this configuration makes query to include these files, thus makes query on latest data. However, since these files are not indexed, query maybe slower as full scan is required for these files. |

> | carbon.driver.pruning.multi.thread.enable.files.count | 100000 | To prune in multi-thread when total number of files of queried segments beyonds the configured value. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| carbon.driver.pruning.multi.thread.enable.files.count | 100000 | To prune in multi-thread when total number of segment files for a query increases beyond the configured value. |
```
